Hello Pittsburgh. It's good to be back. I'll tell you what. First off, let's honk for the outstanding band, The Funky Fly Project. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And special thanks to local and state elected officials who are here. I want to thank them a lot and I want to also thank your police department. I tell you what. They got a one heck of a motorcycle escort.

You know, it was great seeing Franco again. I live in the other side of the state just below that town called Philadelphia, and I get in trouble because I talk about how much I like Pittsburgh and how much I like the Steelers. Now, let me tell you why. Franco and I were just in Latrobe together last month, and Franco and his teammate, a guy named Rocky Bleier, back in the day when the Rooney's were really wonderful to me and my family. Because just a month after I was elected the United States Senate, I was 29 years old. It was December 18th. And it was a week before Christmas. I got a phone call, when I was hiring staff in Washington, saying a tractor trailer broadsided my wife and my three children Christmas shopping, and killed my wife and killed my wife and would kill my daughter. My two boys were very badly injured.

So I hustled home as quick as I could. And I stayed with them in that hospital room because they were really in tough shape. But on the 23rd, I believe it was, I decided that I was going to go out to Kmart and get a plastic Christmas tree. You know, those kinds they have on display, because you weren't allowed to have any Christmas paraphernalia in the hospital that could catch fire, but I could get one of those. So I went out and I was only gone, it was the only time I was gone. I was gone for about, I guess, an hour, hour and a half.

And I came back and both my boys for the first time, they were little guys, three and four years old, almost four and five. They had smiles on their face and each of them were holding a football signed by the entire steel curtain, the Pittsburgh team. And I said, "What happened, boys?" And they was the first time they smiled. And they said, "Rocky Bleier and Franco Harris came," because guess what happened? The Rooneys, really fine, fine people, the Rooneys decided that they were going to send Rocky and Franco to see my boys. No publicity. They didn't do any press. Didn't let anybody know.

He, they didn't do any press, didn't let anybody know, they spent 45 minutes with my boys, they got in the plane and went home.

That's who we are as a country. That's something the President doesn't understand, looking out for each other. The thousand acts of kindness, the decency that people used to show to one another, and still do, that he just doesn't get.

Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh there's one more day, one more day to show who we are once again. Tomorrow we can end the presidency that has divided this nation. Folks in Homewood know, tomorrow we can put and end to a presidency that has failed to protect the nation. Tomorrow we can put an end to a presidency that has fanned the flames of hate across this nation, pouring gasoline on every racial incident in the country.

Millions of Americans have already voted, over almost a hundred million now. Millions more will vote tomorrow. My message is simple, the power to change this country is in your hands. And I don't care how hard Donald Trump tries, there's nothing, nothing he can do to stop the people of this nation from voting, no matter how he tries.

There was a press article last week, and it read as follows, "Never before in modern presidential history has a candidate been so reliant on wide-scale efforts to repress the vote as Trump." Trump doesn't want y'all voting. He don't want Americans voting. He thinks only wealthy folks should vote. When America votes though, america will be heard. When America's heard, the message is going to be out loud and clear: it's time for Donald Trump to pack his bags and go home, go home.

Look, we're done with the chaos, we're done with the racism, we're done with the tweets, the anger, the hate, the failure, the irresponsibility, but we got a lot of work to do folks. If I'm elected president, we're going to act, on day one we're going to act to get COVID under control, on day one of my presidency I'll put in action a plan that I've been talking about for months, masking, social distancing, testing, tracing, a plans for full and fair and free distribution of therapeutics and vaccines when we get one.

And most importantly, but he hasn't done yet, a plan, a plan that addresses the fact that we can get everybody access to the vaccine when it comes. Folks there's over 300 million people in America, everyone, everyone is going to get help. A plan to address the disproportionate way the virus is hitting the black community and minority communities. We're seeing race-based disparities all across every aspect of this virus; higher infection rates, lower access to testing, a harder time, quarantine safely, lower access to quality treatment when you become infected, and tragically higher mortality rates, three times as high as the white population. One in 1000 black Americans have died from COVID so far. And by the end of this pandemic, if things continue as he's allowing them to do until the next president takes office, there will be another 200,000 deaths projected. And that would mean one in 500 African-Americans will have died because of COVID.

That is absolutely outrageous. That is an attack, a mass casualty for black Americans. And this President, he knew in January how bad this virus was, in January he knew it. Some of you may remember vaguely if you turned on the television at the time, I wasn't in office but I was talking about the fact that he got intelligence briefings laying out how dangerous it was coming from China, and where it was happening. And he said, no he didn't read his intelligence briefing in the morning. Well, that didn't surprise me, he doesn't read.

But turns out he knew exactly how dangerous it was. Remember what he said to Bob Woodward, the famous journalist? He went on tape and he said to Woodward, he knew in January how dangerous it was and how many people could die, and he said nothing. He didn't say a thing to you, me, or anybody else. He kept it secret. He hid it from the American people. He knew it was worse than the flu. He lied to the American people. He knew it wasn't going to disappear. He kept telling us, America was coming, or maybe we should inject bleach into our veins. I mean, whatever, God, what a... anyway.

And just Friday, this past Friday, had the gall to suggest that the American doctors and nurses, who are literally risking their lives to save lives on the front line of this crisis for nine months, that he suggested that these folks, know what he said they're doing? He said, "Doctors are falsely inflating the deaths due to COVID because they want to make more money."

Now think about that, president of the United States of America. But then again, it doesn't surprise me, he wouldn't do anything unless he could make more money, not a joke. Everything to him is about how do you help yourself?

Folks, look the people of this nation have suffered and sacrificed for nine months, none more so than our doctors and our frontline healthcare workers. And it's the President questioning their character, and their integrity, their commitment to his fellow Americans, the President questioning that? It's a flat disgrace. And then last night Trump said, he's going to fire Dr. Fauci. I got a better idea, let's fire Trump, and I'll hire Dr. Fauci.

Look, the President has waved the white flag of surrender in this virus. I'll never do that. He's chief of staff said last week, "We're not going to control this virus." We're not going to control the virus, the first step to beating the virus is defeating Donald Trump.

Look folks, if we didn't know this was happening, and somebody made a movie about this five years ago you'd think it was all crazy, but it's real. It's real what's happening. Donald Trump, by the way, he keeps telling us what a great jobs president he has been, how many jobs he's created. Well, I was just with President Obama in Detroit, in Flint, Michigan, my buddy. It was great to be with a president with real character. A President respected around the world, a President our kids could look up to. But did you know President Obama and I helped create more jobs in the last three years of our administration than Trump did the first three years of his, even before the pandemic hit? Did you know Donald Trump is going to be the first president in 90 years who's going to finish with his four years in office with fewer jobs under his leadership than when he started as president?

And black unemployment remains too high, too many black businesses are shuttered for good. Black-owned businesses are shutting down twice as fast as other businesses, and business communities of color have shuttered because they didn't get the help, the money that Congress has passed. Congress passed over $2 trillion. You know the first thing what the President did? He fired the Inspector General, who's supposed to follow where the money went. And guess what? Minority businesses, small businesses, they didn't get the help. It went to the Mar-a-Lago crowd. Not a joke, his wealthy friends. He fired the Inspector General.

You know, he sees the world from Park Avenue.

He sees the world from Park Avenue. I have seen it from Scranton. I see it from where I grew up. I see it from here in Pittsburgh. Wall Street didn't build this country, working people built this country. That's always whose built the country, the middle class, and unions built the middle class.

Folks, I believe we should be rewarding work not wealth in this country. Do you all realize that just as the pandemic started, the listed billionaires in America made another $300 billion? Not a joke, $300 billion they made in the middle of the pandemic. What's going on here, folks?

Well, I've got a plan, and under my plan I commit to you no one making less than $400 grand is going to see a penny in taxes raised. But for a change, the wealthiest and the biggest corporations, 91 of the Fortune 500 companies pay zero in taxes after making billions of dollars. Well, guess what? Under a Biden administration, they're going to start paying their fair share. Why should a firefighter, an educator, a nurse, a steelworker pay a higher tax rate, and this is the God's truth, a higher tax rate than the super wealthy? And by the way, why should you pay more taxes than Donald Trump?

I've released 23 years of my tax returns. I had the dubious distinction of being listed as "the poorest man in Congress" for 36 years. And then when I got elected vice president it says, "It's probable no man has ever assumed the office vice president with fewer assets than Joe Biden." I assumed they weren't speaking about intellectual assets. It could have been, but who knows?

Well, look, here's my point, Trump and the only taxes that we've been able to find out through the New York Times in the one year he has, he paid $750 in taxes. Trump keeps talking about corruption. When's the last time he heard of a president having a secret bank account in China? Which he did, we just found out, where he payed 50 times more tax in China than he did in the United States. Every time he starts talking about corruption, I say, "Release your tax return. What in the hell are you hiding? What are you hiding?" Not one.... Anyway, I won't get into it.

Look, we're going to act to protect healthcare. Trump is going to Trump, like he just jammed through a Supreme Court nomination. You know why they did? To try to destroy the Affordable Care Act. Well, if they get their way, a hundred million Americans will lose the protections for preexisting conditions, including more than 5 million people here in the United States... I mean, excuse me, here in the state of Pennsylvania, over a hundred million in the United States. Millions of black Americans will be left uninsured and denied health coverage because of pre-existing conditions. And there are more preexisting conditions in poor communities than there are in others.

Donald Trump thinks healthcare is a privilege. I think it's a right. Look, I'll not only restore Obamacare, I'll build on it. You can keep your private insurance. If you like it, you can choose Medicare like public option. I'm going to increase subsidies to lower your premiums, deductibles, out-of-pocket expenses, out-of-pocket spending, surprise billing. I'm going to lower prescription drugs by 60 percent, and that's the truth. But by the way, how are you going to do it, Joe? Because those wealthy people are going to start paying their fair share.

It's not about punishing everyone, it's about being fair. We'll make sure that protections for people with pre-existing conditions remain. And meanwhile, Trump said, he's publicly said if he's reelected, he's going to defund Social Security payments. The actuary in social security department said if he does that, that will eliminate, eliminate Medicare by 2023, after all the who people rely on Medicare. It's not going to happen, by the way. We're not going to let it happen, but that's his plan. Go home and tell your grandparents and parents, we'll protect Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, which he won't do. And finally, we need a vote now to deliver some racial justice in America. Look, a season of protest has broken out all across this nation. Protesting is not burning and looting and violence, that can't be tolerated, it won't. But those protests are a cry for justice. In the name of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Jacob Blake, Walter Wallace, Jr., they're not going to soon be forgotten. They're not going to be forgotten by me, not by us, not by this country. They'll inspire a whole new wave of justice in America.

When I met with Floyd's family, he has a little daughter who survived him, she's six years old, and I knelt down and I talked to her. I started talking to her. You know what she said? She looked at me, she said, "Mr. Vice President, Daddy is going to change the world. Daddy's going to change the world."

Folks, the country is ready. The country is ready, but not with Donald Trump as president. Now he wants us to believe so much he's done for black Americans. You might have seen the debate I had with him. I was standing next to "Abraham Lincoln". He said, "Not since Abraham Lincoln has anyone done as much for the African American community as I have." I turned to him and asked him, "Abe," he got offended. He got offended. Look, Pittsburgh, honk if you think his commitment of having done more for the African-American community than Abraham Lincoln is true. Honk your horn. Silence. You got it, man. Pittsburgh, honk if you think it's a bunch of malarkey, his lying. You got it.

Look, the truth is, Donald Trump has done more harm black America than any president in modern history. This is the same man who started the Birther Movement against my buddy, Barack Obama. This is the first man, this is the man who when the first black woman running for vice president, he looks at her and he calls her a monster. Oh yeah, man.

And remember on stage with him When I asked about the Proud Boys, that racist group of white supremacists. I said, "Would you deny them?" He turned and he said, "I'm going to tell them to stand down and stand by." When in God's name did you ever expect an American president to say, who refused to denounce white supremacy, doesn't believe systemic racism is a problem and won't even say black lives matter. Black lives matter. And we're going to work to deliver real police and criminal reform, justice reform. We know, we know what true justice is all about. It's not only about a criminal justice system that's fair, but it's about being able to build wealth, jobs, homes, families. Folks, we're in a situation where, think about it, how many people you know are working two jobs and still being in poverty? We need a national minimum wage of $15 an hour for everybody, period. Honk if you agree with me. Honk if you agree with me and my proposal.

For first-term homebuyers, first-time home buyers, I promise you are going to get a $15,000 down payment for the first home. Honk.

Honk for new capital to start businesses, because black entrepreneurs are equally successful as any other entrepreneurs, but they can't get access. That's why Barack and I started a program to give $1.5 billion to local small business associations to lend money. That brought 30 billion off the sideline. Well, I've changed that to $15 billion, and we're going to bring 150 off the sideline.

Look, in addition to that, think about this. Education. Education is the key to movement. Well, guess what? There's going to be free college education for state universities when I'm your president. I'm going to triple funding. And by the way, we can afford this, I promise you. I'm going to triple funding for Title I schools so a child can get a good public education, no matter what their zip code is. Allowing every three and four and five year olds to go to school, not daycare. That increases by 58 percent the prospects that child will go all the way through 12 years. And honk if you agree with me. I'm going to invest $70 billion in HBCUs at minority serving institutions. For real. Institutions so future generations of black students can continue to get the very best education.

Folks, Pennsylvania, 2008 and 2012, you placed your trust in Barack and me. Now in 2020, I'm asking for your trust again in me and Kamala. By the way, she is one smart, bright, tough woman, man. I'm so proud. She said yes. Look, I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president. That's the job of a president, the duty to represent everyone, everyone. And you too have a duty. If you haven't already voted, to vote tomorrow. Make a plan, get out to vote. Go to iowavote.com/pa and ask yourself if Donald Trump is so proud of his record, especially for African Americans, why does he make it so hard for us to vote?

And then remember the final words of my good friend and American hero, John Lewis, who recently died. He said "The vote is the most powerful non-violent change agent you have in a democratic society. You must use it, because if not, it's guaranteed you'll lose it."

Folks, please, please. Here's the amazing thing. Here's the amazing thing, folks. It's about this moment in history. On the one hand, we're facing the biggest threats about who we are and what we believe that we've seen in our lifetimes. But on the other hand, our future has never been more promising. I said it many times. I'm more optimistic about America's future today than I was when I got elected as a 29 year old kid. And I mean it. Here's why. We're better positioned than any nation in the world to lead the 21st century. Our workers are three times as productive as workers in the biggest economies in the world. We have the strongest military in the history of the world. We have the most innovative entrepreneurs. We're virtually energy independent.

We can do this. We're better than we've been. We can be our best when we're the United States of America. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Go vote. We can get this done, I promise you.


You all must be crazy. As my mother from Scranton said, God love you. Thanks for being here. The one thing I've always been able to count on my whole career, unions. I know how to say union. I'm working for those unions. Hey folks, it's good to be back in Beaver County. The fact is that we've been in a situation for a while here that... and Greg, thanks for the introduction, I do appreciate it.

One of the things about the iron workers is that I think you're all crazy. You know what I mean? I remember iron workers endorsed me early on when I first ran for the Senate as a kid. A guy name Tommy. And I used to walk in the union all the time and say anybody who's crazy enough to walk up 16 stories on beam and shoot a rivet has to be nuts. But thank God you are. Where I grew up, you either joined a trade, you became a cop, you became a firefighter or a priest. I wasn't competent at being any one of them, so look what happened to me.

Folks look, Conner thank you for being here and thank you for all you've done. Ladies and gentlemen, this is about more than just an election this time out. There's an awful lot at stake, and of course you're going to send Conner back. That's all right, I'm used to babies. Babies are allowed to cry, and anybody's allowed to cry if they want. Anybody's allowed to make noise too. Oh, well, look, I wanted to come by to say thank you personally. Thank you very, very much for what you've done. As the Mayor's here, they tell me... I don't know where the Mayor is. Where's the Mayor? There you are, hey Mr. Mayor, thank you pal. Being Mayor's a real job. They know where you live and Terry and Rob I want to thank you and everybody all over Beaver County.

Folks, look, the fact is that from the very beginning of my career, I found myself in a situation where I've relied on labor. And I hope I'm demonstrated that labor can rely on me. We're in a home stretch now. We're in a home stretch and as my coach used to say in high and college, "It's go time. It's go time." Tomorrow's the day. Tomorrow we're going to send Conner back to Congress. We're going to hear what labor has to say. We're going to win Pennsylvania and we're going to show the world what America stands for.

Folks, as I said, I wanted to come by and thank you personally for canvassing. And thank the Mayor and everyone else that I just mentioned to you. The fact is that there's a lot at stake in this election. We are really at one of those inflection points. This is going to be more than just who governs the next four years. What happens now, what happens tomorrow is going to determine what this country looks like for a couple generations. And that's not a joke. I really generally believe that.

There's so damn much at stake. And as we get this home stretch, you find yourself going home. At least I found myself going home. This is like home. I'm from Scranton, Pennsylvania. I grew up in Claymont, Delaware. And it used to be a steel town that had steel workers, used to have 5,800 steel workers in the town. All gone, all gone now. We got to get it back. We're not going to get it back in Claymont, but we can get it back here in the United States.

And folks, the fact is that as I said we're heading to a home stretch. We know the stakes have never been higher. We know they've never been higher. My dad used to have an expression. He'd say, "Joey," he lost a job in Scranton when coal died when I was a kid. And we moved on to Claymont, Delaware. He took us home to my grand pops house. And he made what I call the longest walk a mom or dad has to make. Up a short flight of stairs to the kids bedrooms to say, "Honey, I'm sorry. You can't go back to that school. You can't play in that Little League club anymore. Dad lost his job. We're going to have to move. We can't stay where we are." And he made that walk, took us over to my grand pop's house in Scranton and what happened was he said, "I'm going down to Delaware. There's jobs down there. I'll come home every weekend. It'll probably take me a year to get one. I can bring everybody down." And so that's exactly what happened.

From that point on, when my dad would talk about a job, he'd say, "Joey, a job's about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about your dignity. It's about respect. It's about your place in the community. It's about being able to look your kid in the eye and say, honey, it's going to be okay." Not many people are saying that these days. Too many people are worried.

I've never forgotten growing up in a hard working family in Scranton. The lesson that Donald Trump has never learned, because he can only see the world from Park Avenue. He can't see what families like yours and mine have gone through. So he refuses to do the work to get this virus under control. He refuses to do the work to get our schools and our small businesses the resources they needed to stay open. Firefighters, teachers, cops, a whole lot of hard working folks. Refused to bring Congress together. They passed the money, but he refused to bring them together to provide for their families, the working families. Because he thinks Wall Street built this country. Well I got news for him, you already know it, Wall Street didn't build America, middle class did and unions built the middle class. Unions built the middle class. That's a fact. That is a natural fact.

Look, I see the world from Scranton. I see this world from working class towns all around this state. And that's why I build back better plan that I'm going to do is for the first time in a long time, we're going to start rewarding work, not wealth. We're not going to raise taxes for anybody making less than $400,000 bucks a year. If you make more than that, guess what? You're going to start paying your fair share. You're going to start stepping up.

I'm going to ask the big corporations, the wealthy, to step up. 90 of the Fortune 500 companies, trying to railroad you guys, 90 of them, didn't pay a penny in taxes. We're going to invest the money that we collect of working people, creating millions of good paying union jobs. Two trillion dollars to build a more resilient infrastructure, roads, bridges, water systems. A whole lot more. Done by certified labor. And by the way, no matter how many times Trump tries to lie about it, I will not ban fracking. I never said I would.

But I'm going to end Trumps incentives, to send jobs overseas. We have a trade strategy right now where you get 10 percent cut in your tax if you send a job overseas. We're going to reverse it. You bring a job home, you get 10 percent and I want to promise you one thing, the president has control of $600 billion, handing out contracts for construction. For everything from building aircraft carriers, to public housing. Well here's the promise I'm making to you, not one single contract will be let to a contractor who doesn't have products that are all made in America. That's a guarantee. Every one.

We're allowed to do that now, but we've never done it. It's about time we stepped up and made sure people... by the way, one other thing I want to mention here. Donald Trump talks about himself as a tough guy. I grew up with guys like him around in Scranton. They thought because they had more money than us they could look down their nose at us. They thought that because they came from well known families, they somehow were better. Well let me tell you something, he talks about how tough he is, how hard working he is, how he's done so much. Let me tell the things that bothered me most in this campaign and I have to tell you, the way he talked about our veterans as being losers, losers? What's this guy all about? Who is he? He doesn't understand what's going on.

Folks, my son was the Attorney General of Delaware. He gave up his seat to go fight in Iraq for a year. He won the Bronze Star. Service medal. And he came home and he died of cancer, but he came home and guess what? He was no loser. Trump's a loser. And all of you who served. All of you who have served. I really mean it. Think about it, think about it. Is there any wonder why... this is the first president that I'm aware of. The six top Generals to work for him, six, four star Admirals and Generals, they all left to say he wasn't worthy of being Commander in Chief. They quit.

McRaven. Special Forces. There are the guys who did a lot commanding. They both endorsed me and they came along, 22 Four Stars stepped up and endorsed me because they knew I'd have their back as Commander in Chief. This guy doesn't get it.

I really mean it, many of you served. Took physical courage to do it. He doesn't get it. Folks, we owe the military. One percent of the Americans, are protecting the other 99 percent of us. We owe them big.

Look, we can only get this done though, we can only get this done in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvanians vote. We got to make sure everybody returns their ballot or votes tomorrow. Make sure everyone, everyone you know does the same. It's time to rebuild the backbone of this country. The middle class, and this time bring everybody along. Everybody. It's time to unite this country. There's an amazing thing about this moment on history; on the one hand we're facing the biggest threat to who we are, what we believe in our lifetimes, but on the other hand our future has never been more promising.

I've said it many times, I'm more optimistic about America's future today, than when I got elected as a 29 year old kid to the Senate. Here's why: we're in a better position than any nation in the world to lead the 21st century. Our workers are three times productive as workers around the world. We have the biggest economy in the world. The strongest military in the history of the world. We have the most innovative entrepreneurs. We're virtually energy independent and we have more great research universities than the rest of the world combined.

No other nation can touch us. No other nation can lead us. We can lead by the power of our example, not just the example of our power. The only thing that can tear America apart is America itself, and that's exactly what Donald Trump's been trying to do from the very beginning. Divide America. Pitting American's against one another. Rural versus urban. Based on race, gender, ethnicity, national origin, our religion. That's wrong. That's not who we are. Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. But we're about honor, integrity, dignity. This is the United States of America. We've got to let them show who we are. We choose, we choose hope over fear. We choose unity over division. We choose science over fiction, and yeah we choose truth over lies, constant lies.

It's time to stand up, take back this democracy. We can do this. We're so much better than we've been. We can be. You have ever seen, I guarantee you a seat at the table. God love you all, and thank you, thank you, thank you. Let's get this vote out. May God protect our troops. Thank you.

I want to do something that I feel very proud about. The son I told you about who I lost, I want his two children to come up here with me. Come here. This is Natalie, don't be silly.


Hello, Cleveland. Whoa. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. And you guys can push the other something real quick, I tell you. Thank you very, very much. And Courtney, thank you for that introduction. And I want to thank Representative Marcia Fudge. We've been hanging out in the back here in the tent, along with out there, and Joyce is out here. Joyce Beattie, I can't see it. Oh, there you are. Okay, I see you guys. And by the way, I want you all to meet, I got four of my grandchildren with me today. All my grandkids, stand up, stand up.

They're my good luck charms. They're my heart. And Marcy and Joyce and Tim Ryan. Tim, you over there too? Hey, Tim. Tim, you've been so great the whole campaign. Thank you very, very, very much. And he as tough as nails. They're all incredible leaders and we need to send them back to Congress, every single one of them.

Folks, I want to thank my buddy, Sherrod Brown. No one fights harder for the dignity of working people than Sherrod does. Sherrod won reelection in '18 about at the same margin that Trump did. And so when Sherrod tells me to come to Ohio the day before, I come to Ohio. That's what I do because he and I have something in common. We married way up. He married a Pulitzer prize winner. I married a professor, and I tell you what, Connie you've been wonderful. Connie actually reviewed my wife's book, I found out.

Anyway, I want to thank you for being here. Folks, Ohio, one more day, one more day. Tomorrow. Tomorrow we have an opportunity to put an annual presidency. That's divided this nation. Tomorrow we can put an ad to a president as has failed to protect this nation. And tomorrow we can put it down to a president who has fanned the flames of hate all across this country. Millions of Americans have already voted. Almost a hundred million have voted so far, a hundred million voted already, and more are going to vote today. And my message is simple. The power to change the country is in your hands. I don't care how much Donald Trump tries, there's nothing, nothing...

No matter how much Donald Trump tries, there's nothing, nothing he's going to do to stop the people in this nation from voting. Folks, he hasn't figured it out. Presidents don't determine who gets to vote. Voters determine who's going to be the president. When America votes, America will be heard. When America is heard, I believe the message is going to be loud and clear. It's time for Donald Trump to pack his bags and go home. We're done. We're done with the chaos. We're done with the tweets, the anger, the hate, the failure, the irresponsibility. We've got a whole lot of work to do.

When I'm elected your president, I'm going to act, and I'm going to act on day one. Folks, we're going to act to get this COVID under control. On day one of my presidency, we're going to put it in action a plan that I've been talking about for months, and he's been paying no attention to. Masking, social distancing, testing, tracing. A plan for a fair and full and free distribution of therapeutics and vaccines, when we get one. Imagine, imagine where we'd be, had this president, from the beginning, just wore a mask instead of mock wearing a mask.

I can tell you this. We wouldn't have 9 million confirmed COVID cases in this nation, wouldn't have over 230,000 deaths, wouldn't be seen those new record numbers of cases we're seeing every single day, right now. Nearly 100,000 cases in one day, just two days ago. 100,000 new cases. We wouldn't be facing another 200,000 projected deaths in the next few months.

This president knew, last January, the virus was deadly, but he hid it from the American people. He knew it was worse than the flu. He lied to the American people. He knew it wasn't going to disappear, but he kept telling us a miracle was coming. And just Friday, you had the gall... Figure this, now. The president of the United States of America, who's responsible for so many deaths, he had the gall to suggest that American doctors, the people who have been on the front lines of this crisis for nine months, along with nurses and so many others, many of whom have died, to suggest that doctors are falsely inflating deaths due to COVID because they want to make more money.

I'm serious, man. This guy's a disgrace. The people of this nation have suffered. They've sacrificed for nine months, not more than those doctors and nurses and those healthcare workers. And this president is questioning their character, their integrity, their commitment to their fellow Americans. As I said, it's a disgrace. And last night, Trump said he was going to fire Dr. Fauci. Isn't that wonderful? I got a better idea. Elect me, and I'm going to hire Dr. Fauci, and we're going to fire Donald Trump.

Donald Trump waved the white flag of surrender to this virus. He did that. His own chief of staff said, last week, we're giving up on the virus. We're not going to do anything about it. I'm never going to raise the white flag and surrender. We're going to beat this virus. We're going to get it under control, I promise you. Look, the first step to beating the virus is beating Donald Trump.

Donald Trump keeps telling us what a great jobs president he is. I was just with Barack in Detroit and Flint. It was great to be with a president of some character, a president respected around the world, a president our kids could and did look up to. But did you know that, after President Obama and I bet on American workers and helped rescue the auto industry, nearly 500,000 jobs created here in Ohio. Meanwhile, 330,000 of those have been lost since Trump's become president. You know, Donald Trump is going to be the first president in 90 years... that's a lot of presidents... in 90 years, is going to finish his four years in office with fewer jobs than when he got elected to office.

It's no surprise. Remember the lies he told all the workers. He told the families of the GM plant in Lordstown. He said, "Don't move. Don't sell your house." But then the plant shut down. And after the first debate in Cleveland, I met an Ohio woman named Tiffany whose husband lost their job at the plant. And he had to take a job eight hours away in another state. He drives home weekends, 16 hours round trip, to be home with his kids. So much for "Don't worry."

What about his threat and his grudge against Goodyear? What about his broken promise to protect pensions for workers, especially employer pensions? And what about... He stopped the overtime for millions of American workers, over $1,200,000,000 for American workers, the president and I was helping your delegation put in place. But let's not forget how Donald Trump is wreaking chaotic with China on trade. Farm bankruptcies are way up. Exports are way down. Agricultural exports to China during the Trump years have been 40 percent lower than they were when we were in our second term.

And he even says, because of his bailouts to the farmers... that's your tax dollars, by the way... his bailout of the farmers, "Our farmers are doing better now than when they actually had a farm." Can you believe that? Our farmers are doing better now than when they actually had a farm because they were able to be bailed out, although they may not have a farm anymore.

Who does this guy think he is? My policies are going to hold China accountable. I'll end the Trump tax loopholes that incentivized companies to ship jobs overseas. I'll add a 10 percent surtax on companies who do ship jobs overseas. But for companies who bring and come back and invest in American manufacturing and bring jobs back home, I'll offer a 10 percent tax credit. And folks, it's no violation of any trade agreement, but no government contracts. And the president has about $600 billion in contracts from the military on down. No government contract will be given it to a company that isn't have all the products, including the supply line, all products made in America, every product.

Look, and our future will be made right here, right here in Ohio. Folks, we're in a position that we can do so much more, so much more. Folks, Donald Trump forgot and betrayed Ohio workers. Quite frankly, I grew up around guys like Donald Trump. I grew up in neighborhoods like probably many of you did, working class neighborhoods where most people didn't have a college education. But we had guys like Trump we used to play against, when we played ball and Scranton and. And because they had more money than we did, they kind of look down their nose on us.

I got to admit to you. I got a bit of a chip on my shoulder, when I read about... Once we won the nomination and things began to look a little better, I read from serious press people... they're decent, honorable people... that if I get elected, I'll be the first president who didn't have an Ivy League degree, in a long time. Well, let me tell you something. Somehow that's got to mean I didn't belong, because I went to a state university. But let me tell you what. It's about time a guy from a state university graduated into the White House because, if I'm there, you're going to be there, too. Look, Trump sees the world from Park Avenue, looking down.

Trump sees the world from Park Avenue, looking down on Wall Street. I see it from Scranton and Claymont, where I grew up. I shaved from here in Cleveland. Wall Street didn't build America, the middle class built America. And guess what? Unions built the middle class. That's a fact. The day is long past time, we start rewarding work, not wealth in this country. Under my plan, if you make less than $400,000, you won't pay a single penny, more in taxes. You have my word on it. But I tell you what, the wealthiest of MOS, big corporations, 91 of which don't pay any tax, that paid zero federal income tax. They're going to start paying their fair share. Why? Listen to me, why should a firefighter, an educator, a cop, why should a welder, why should a steel worker pay the higher tax rate than the super wealthy?

It's not right. Why should you pay for taxes than Donald Trump for God's sake? Look, I released 22 years of my tax returns. You can look them up online. Donald Trump didn't release any. Wonder what the hell he's hiding. I wonder why he won't let anybody know what his tax returns are. Who's he owe the money to? This is the guy, by the way we found out recently has a secret bank account in China. Paid 50 times more tax in Beijing than he did in the United States. And overall, the one income tax the New York Times got, he paid $750 in federal taxes. How about you? And when he was asked how he could pay so little, remember what he said? He said, "because I'm smart. I know how to game the system." And that's the kind of guy you want as president? That can game the system, be a billionaire pay 750 bucks in taxes. While you all break your necks, break your necks to pay a fair share.

We're going to act to protect healthcare by the way. Trump and Republicans just jammed through a new Supreme Court nomination for one basic reason. Within a week after the election, they're going to be before the Supreme Court and this new nominee is going to be out of the court. It's all about destroying the Affordable Care Act, getting rid of it completely. They've been trying to do it now for nine years, if they get their way, 100 million Americans will lose protections for preexisting conditions, including nearly 5 million folks here in Ohio. Look, Donald Trump doesn't understand healthcare. He thinks it's a privilege. I think healthcare is a right.

By the way, because of the way he ruined the economy, even before the pandemic, 10 million Americans have already lost their employer-based healthcare because the employer has gone out of business. Now he wants to go after the 22 million, who have healthcare only because of the Affordable Care Act. I'm not only restore the Affordable Care Act, I'll build on it. You can keep your private insurance, or you can choose a Medicare-like public option in the new plan. I'm going to increase subsidies and lower premiums and deductibles, out of pocket expenses and surprise billings. We're going to reduce drug costs by 60 percent by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices for all of us. Folks, folks, it's going to cost more money, but guess how I'm going to pay for it? Trump's going to start paying some taxes.

We're going to make sure we keep protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Meanwhile, the Social Security expert, the person the Social Security department says if Donald Trump's plan that he announced, if he's reelected, he's going to put in place, if in fact it's put in place, it would bankrupt Social Security by 2023. This guy really cares a lot about this, doesn't he? He really understands. My parents before me and everyone else paying into Social Security. So go home and tell your parents and grandparents, what a great deal they're going to get if Trump gets reelected. But folks, the fact is I'm going to protect your Social Security. I guarantee it. Because I got people behind me who're going to make sure it's protected. We're going to protect Social Security, and we're going to have a situation where guess what? We have a majority in the United States Senate. Well, folks, look, the thing that's bothered me most, maybe emotionally bothered me the most, but substantively as well. That this president has done, there's been nothing worse than the way he's spoken about those who have served in uniform. He called you all losers and suckers. My son Beau was the attorney general of the state of Delaware. My son Beau volunteered. He had to give up the seat of attorney general to volunteer, to go to Iraq for a year. He won the Bronze Star, the Conspicuous Service Medal, and he saw the people die in Iraq. He was not a loser. He was not a sucker, he was a Patriot, just like all your sons and daughters, parents, or grandparents who served. Folks, six generals who worked in the white house with the president of United States and admirals worked in his administration have since left. And they've said he is unfit to be Commander in Chief. Best of my knowledge, that's never happened before for any president of the United States. And that's why special operations commander Stanley McChrystal, as well as the commander special ops and the Navy Seals who took out Brin Laden, along Bill McRaven, Admiral McRaven, along with 22 other four stars, they've endorsed me saying they'd be proud to have me as their Commander in Chief.

This president likes to portray himself as a tough guy, a macho man. When the last time you saw a president of United States, literally being laughed at by the world leaders when he spoke to the United Nations? I don't ever recall that ever happening. Can you believe when the president of United States, who acts like Vladimir Putin's puppy, Putin put bounties on the heads of American soldiers in Afghanistan. Trump spoke to him six times and he was too frightened to challenge him. Why? Donald Trump is not strong, he's weak. This is a president who not only doesn't understand sacrifice, he doesn't understand courage. Physical courage it takes for so many of you to put on that uniform. We must support our military. Let's make this vote for them as well. God love them.

We have to vote to meet the challenge, the climate crisis as well. We can act to meet that climate crisis. Trump calls the climate crisis a hoax. I see it as a great opportunity to improve our health as well as great millions of good paying jobs. I see America's working to build and install 500,000 charging stations all across this country. American consumers switching to clean electric vehicles. We can own the electric vehicle market, creating minutes of jobs here in Cleveland and in Ohio and in Detroit.

Folks, I see the federal government harnessing the purchasing power by buying these electric vehicles. Made in America, made in Ohio, made in Detroit, made in America.

Made in Ohio, made in Detroit, made in America. It's going to mean one million, according to the experts, one million new good paying auto jobs in the automobile industry alone. Folks, if we don't act China's going to own the market. China's going to own it all. And we will act, in addition to deliver racial justice in America. Folks, protesting is not burning and looting, violence must never be tolerated and it won't, but these protests are a cry for justice. The names of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Jacob Blake will soon not be forgotten. You know I've met with all these families. Well I met with Floyd's little girl, I think she was six years old. I knelt down to say, or to be at eye level with her. She looked at me and she said, I swear to God, said, "Mr. Vice President, my daddy is going to change in the world. My dad is going to change the world."

Folks, I'm not going to forget. You're not going to forget. This country's not going to forget. This is going to inspire a new wave of justice in America. But guess what? Because we have the X generation, I mean the Z generation, that in fact is the most open, least prejudice, best educated generation in American history. They're already moving. They're already insisting on justice. They know who we are. A new wave of justice America, but also true justice isn't just about how they deal with police, it's about jobs. It's about building wealth. It's about families. It's about education. It's about opportunity. It's about being able to make a decent living. Nobody should have to work two jobs to stay out of poverty. That's why, honk if you agree with me that a $15 minimum wage is necessary nationwide. Honk.

Honk, if you think assistance for a down payment, for a real shot of home ownership should be coming forward with me with $15,000 for first time homeowner, to start a small business, send the child to college debt-free. Folks, Ohio in 2008, 2012, you place your trust in me and Barrack. In 2020, I'm asking you to trust me again. I'm proud of the coalition this campaign is built. To welcome Democrats, Republicans and Independents. I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I'll govern as an American president. There will be no red States and blue States, just the United States.

And I promise you I'll work as hard for those who don't support me as those who do. That's the job of a president, to care, to care about everybody, everybody. That's the duty of a president. And look, you too, have a duty, a duty to vote. Folks, make a plan, go to Iwillvote.com/OH. Folks, the amazing thing about this moment in our history, on the one hand, we're facing the biggest threat of who we are, what we believe, and what we seen, what we've been in our lifetimes. Another hand, our future has never been more promising. I've said it many times, the character of America is literally on the ballot.

The character of our country, but I'm more optimistic about America's future today than when I was elected to the United States Senate as a 29 year-old kid. Let me tell you why. We are better positioned than any nation in the world to lead the 21st century. Our workers are three times as productive as other workers. We have the biggest economy in the world. We have the strongest military in the history of the world. We have the most innovative entrepreneurs in the world and we are virtually energy independent. We have more great research universities in America than all the rest of the world combined, out of which all these doing inventions have occurred.

No other nation can match us. We lead by the example of our power, not just by the power of our example. The only thing that can tear America apart is America itself. And that's exactly what Donald Trump has tried to do from the beginning of his campaign, divide America. The only way he can win, separate us. Pit Americans against one another based on race, gender, ethnicity, national origin. It's wrong. It's not who we are, but it's his only prospect.

Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. Let's keep showing them who we are. We choose hope over fear. We choose unity over division. We choose science over fiction and yes, we choose truth over lies. Folks, it's time to stand up. It's time to take back our democracy. We can do this. We're so much better than this. We can be our best, ladies and gentlemen. This is the United States of America. There's not a damn thing we can't do, nothing. So let's get up and do it. God bless you all and may God protect our troops. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
